# Introduction to data analysis solutions
## Data analytics and data analysis solutions
- The challenges identified in many data analysis solutions can be summarized by five key challenges: volume, velocity, variety, veracity, and value.
- Some organizations struggle with ingesting large volumes of data rapidly. Others struggle with processing massive volumes of data to produce new predictive insights. Still others have users that need to perform detailed data analysis on the fly over enormous data sets. 
- Data analysis solution:
  - Ingest/Collect
  - Store
  - Process/Analyze
  - Consume/Visualize
  - Answers and Insights


- The collect component is where the services assemble data from many sources.
- The store component stores data in repositories.
- The process component is where services manipulate data into needed forms.
- The consume component is where data is presented in the required formats.

## Introduction to the challenges of data analytics

Volume: amount of data the solution must handle
Velocity: the speed at which data enters and flows through your solution
Variety: ingesting data of many types from many sources
Veracity: trust worthiness of your data, you know the chain of custody for your data, accurate and consistent
Value: creating value

## Knowledge check
**Scenario 1**
My business has a set of 15 JSON data files that are each about 2.5 GB in size. They are placed on a file server once an hour. They must be ingested as soon as they arrive in this location. This data must be combined with all transactions from the financial dashboard for this same period, then compared to the recommendations from the marketing engine. All data is fully cleansed. The results from this time period must be made available to decision makers by 10 minutes after the hour in the form of financial dashboards.
- This scenario describes challenges in volume, velocity, variety, and value.
- Volume This scenario describes huge JSON files to be combined with transactional data and marketing data.
- Velocity This scenario is an example of "Wait - now hurry up!" The solution must wait to collect data for a full hour and then produce meaningful results in less than 10 minutes.
- Variety This scenario has three data source types: log files, transactional data, and recommendation information that is likely in a key-value format.
- Value This scenario will populate dashboards that are used by decision makers as soon as they are made available. The value is reached because it requires an understanding of what the organization is trying to accomplish. A thorough understanding of these initiatives is key.

**Scenario 2**
My business compiles data generated by hundreds of corporations. This data is delivered to us in very large files, transactional updates, and even data streams. The data must be cleansed and prepared to ensure that rogue inputs do not skew the results. Knowing the data source for each record is vital to the work we do. A large portion of the data gathered is irrelevant to our analysis, so this data must be eliminated. The final requirement is that all data must be combined and loaded into our data warehouse, where it will be analyzed. 
- This problem involves volume, variety, and veracity.
- Volume The data is delivered in very large files, transactional updates, and even in data streams.
- Variety The business will need to combine the data from all three sources into a single data warehouse.
- Veracity The data is known to be suspect. The data must be cleansed and prepared to ensure that rogue inputs do not skew the results. Knowing the data source for each record is vital to the work we do. 
